In a remote yet reachable town in suburbs of mumbai, there lived a boy. Vedant was son of a farmer tribe where education was just penetrating as a basic requirement for kids. He was doing schooling from one of the common schools in his town. He was very much fond of his friends & loved playing outdoors with them, his energy in play used to make adults eyes sparkle. He was booming with life and the will to do best for him and best for the world. He wasn't particularly great in academics, but there was no inherent flaw in it. It was clear that he wasn't best out there at academia, but he could still settle down and have good terms with it. Although one thing was clear, he wanted the best for himself and the people he cared about. He was keen to serve his family well, he had good wisdom since his childhood, due to great family bonding and elderly lessons, perhaps. He was very much fond of fairy tale stories. He used to wonder if there's an angel who'll guide him through his life, helping him with magical powers. Years go by and he finds himself in an mediocre college pursuing a trendy 4 year graduation course, he didn't know why he opted for it but the people, elderly who are supposed to have more experience with life suggested that it is the right thing to do. He doesn't understand what and why he's studying, but he gets ahead with it just like his schooling. It was a little overwhelming, he had to work hard to make it work, and even still he wasn't the best out there, but he was getting ahead with it just like others. He used to spend most of his spare time writing his assignments, scrolling through his phone, playing games. On weekends he used to bingewatch latest webseries and movies. This was a good way for him to escape his reality and feel good for a while since he didn't love what he was doing with his career and life out of his heart.

His determination and will to do good for family paid off, he has persevered and got through. Vedant then found himself working for a corporate firm which used to provide services for other businesses. For better salaries and better roles, he used to work hard and hard. He didn't sacrifice his personal time for it, but certainly there wasn't a good balance. He had feelings of doom & gloom, is this the life he has prepared soo wholeheartedly for? Where will this lead? He used to spend most of his time in office and in commute. He used to look for escape from his dull stale life during weekends. He had some friends in workplace but the spark and gist of true friendship was missing from it. Perhaps shielding against corporate politics make people less empathic. He still used to meet his friends from academic life, but the frequency reduced like the sunlight leaving in twilight. He was earning decent, enough to fulfill most of his needs but not huge luxuries. But despite of this, he wasn't feeling happy and elated about life. What could he have done wrong? He did everything he was taught correctly, followed it straight through. He remembered his love about fairy tales from childhood, he knows its all fictional but he would love an angel to guide him through this, somehow get him out of this. In following years, vedant works hard to get increments, appraisal and get more money, doing it because society has feeded him that it's the right thing to do and what everyone chases after, the thought of waiting and asking the meaning of it all never occurred to him. This cycle continues for years to come.

Years go by, vedant is now a middle aged man with an out of shape body, nearing his 40s. He has married with a girl his parents chose for him, she was nice and supportive but they didn't quite gel together, there was always some hollowness in their relationship, could be that they weren't able to understand each other's needs? Nonetheless, they had two kids and Vedant was fond of the kids and the wife. He was the only source of bread for the family, so vedant worked tirelessly to provide great future and support for his wife & children. All this while, he still had feelings of uneasiness & numbness, is this all there is to life? He's been taught from his childhood that he should study a lot, get a good job in order to get married and start a family. He did all of that, but now he wonders what's the point of it all? Is his life just for the sake of continuation the bloodline or in a larger sense, continuing human species? Maybe that's how life is, he continues to live like that since he can't think of any better. He tries to contact his old peers, the friends from academics and past life. A lot of them have been forgotten of, he doesn't know where they are and how they're doing, even the ones who were very close to him in the past. It's difficult to keep contact with everyone as a working adult. 

He nears his 50s and he's now an old man nearing retirement. He looks back at his life as a whole, he had lived quite well in society's thinkings. He was what people would typically refer to a "good man". But at no point in his life he was satisfied with it. 

The sun and the moon continues their cycles & Vedant finds himself approaching retirement at the age of 60. He didn't need to conventionally work anymore and so he had more free time than ever to think and find meaning of it all. So he went into self-introspection, seeing where things went wrong and what could he had done better. He read articles, journals and books on philosophy, happiness and satisfaction. After much effort, the realisation hit him that maybe it's not chasing what the society makes us fight for worth. At every point, someone is trying to exploit us knowingly or unknowingly. The corporate world uses humans as resource to get maximum profits out, the technology world designs tech soo lucrative that our eyes are stuck in a state of trance on phone screens, the food industry spends billions to makes food soo pleasure inducing that obesity crisis is all time high, the people at marketing of big brands makes us feel falsely envious to not owning their stuff so that their business continues to thrive. Essentially, at every point there is someone trying to exploit us out even when we don't know. And we blindly follow their tactics which leads us to make decisions that we in our natural sane minds would never had. He figured that life isn't just about chasing what the world feeds or makes us do. At every point, we have our own will and consciousness to make our own decisions, to make things different, to choose a different path. We think that getting more and more of worldly pleasures and material will get us happiness, but it is a negative feedback loop that makes us chase for more and never feel satisfied. True happiness lies in listening to your true consciousness, also known as soul or the heart. Asking how much of "I" is in something that we mindlessly do, asking if what I am doing is really out of my own free will or just because I was feeded by external forces that it's the right thing to do?

With this question he then looks back at his life, he figures out that every decision that he seemed to make out of his "free will" wasn't actually his at all. The gist of "vedant" was missing from all decisions throughout his life. He lived just the way people told him to or everyone else was doing, he never stopped and asked the meaning behind all the chaos. He could've chose a different career path alltogether out of his will, he could've chosen a different sector to work with, he could've chased for something much more fulfilling and life-enriching than just chasing money. The more he thinks about this, the more he comes to know that things he blindly believed to make him happy and satisfied were actually the things that caused dissatisfaction. The blind chase of money, making career decisions out of happenstance and peer pressure instead of actually analysing and introspecting, thinking that a marriage or relationship will fix him and his dissatisfaction in life whilst it was always his and his responsibility only to fix that, and so on. He has grown wiser & wiser as he went on self inspection journey and more & more truths & wisdom nuggets were revealed to him. But sadly he has already spent most of his life, yet the knowledge he has gained will be useful in the future remaining life, but still he could've lead a better life with things he knew now. He could've lived a fulfilling life on his terms which were true out of his consciousness and wisdom that he has now instead of blindly following the world.

He is feeling sad and wasteful about it all and in that exact moment, a fairy shows up. He is perplexed and memories of his love for fairy tales from childhood had been brought back.

The fairy says "Vedant, you've finally figured out the meaning, what to live for, what actually matters..."

Vedant replies "Yes, I wish I could've known this when I was beginning my life's true journey, if only I had a chance I could've made a difference and finally get the happiness I seek". 

The fairy is elated to hear that he wanted to actually lead a better life, the fairy focuses her magical energy through the magic wand and says "I can send you Back! Back to past with the knowledge you have now". 

Vedant is delighted to hear that we will get to live again, with the ability to make better and truer decisions now. But what about the current life he has? He asks "what will happen to my current self, and everything I've done so far?" 

Fairy says "It'll all be reversed, as if nothing has happened, you'll get to relive it all again. Nothing will be left except the knowledge you have".

Vedant can't believe his ears, he's extremely grateful for this magical opportunity, "Thank you!" he says from his innermost soul, if only soul could speak directly. And with a bit of magical mist and sparkles, he's gone.
Where did he go?

He is currently reading this sentence right now. Yes you, dear reader, you're Vedant, you now have the knowledge & wisdom and your journey of life has begun. It's good time to rethink your decisions and choices. The story of Vedant isn't rare, if anything it's the fate that God forbid, large number of us will go through in their life. Dear reader, you now have the life choices and all the time in the world you'll need to make better decisions, don't let this life goto vain by worldly lies! Figure out how much of "you" is in the things you do, that's where true satisfaction and happiness lies...

